feat: add google ordered publisher (#95)
birdie-ai/golibs: cmd/testing/pubsub/README.md

# PubSub Testing

Very simple tooling to check ordered event delivery.
Export variables:

```sh

> export GCP_PROJECT=<project>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export GOOGLE_PROJECT=<project>
```
or maybe change the code :)

export TOPIC_NAME=<topic>
```

The topic will be created if it doesn't exist, same goes for the subscription which will have the same name.
Use an unique topic name or else the results of your test may not make much sense (someone else might be
using the same topic/subscription).

Now run:

```sh
go run . subscriber
```

And then:

```sh
go run . publisher
```

> Resources won't be automatically deleted (except subscription that have an expiration policy of an hour), remember to delete them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resources won't be automatically deleted (except subscription that have an expiration policy of one day), remember to delete them.
```
one day is the minimum expiration.
